Simplifying troubleshooting page and minimizing references to call home (#1431)
minio/docs: source/operations/troubleshooting.rst

#. Community support from the `public Slack channel <https://slack.min.io>`_.
   
   Community support is best-effort only and has no :abbr:`SLA (Service Level Agreement)` or :abbr:`SLO (Service Level Objective)`.

> #. Paid subscribers have access to the MinIO Subscription Network, |subnet-short|, which provides a :abbr:`SLA (Service Level Agreement)` based on subscription, typically 48 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Paid subscribers have access to the MinIO Subscription Network, |subnet-short|, which provides access to health checks, direct-to-engineering support, and license management.
```

Might as well drop our attempt to talk about SLA here.

Author: 👍

   
   For current licensing levels and pricing, refer to the |SUBNET| page.

Tools
-----

The :ref:`MinIO Client <minio-client>` provides several functions to display information about your MinIO deployment or monitor its activity.

- For basic information about your MinIO deployment, use :mc-cmd:`mc admin info`.

- For deeper investigation of S3 calls and responses, use :mc-cmd:`mc admin trace`.

- Use :mc:`mc admin logs` to display logs from the command line.
  The command supports type and quantity filters for further limiting logs output.

Upgrades and version support
----------------------------

MinIO regularly releases updates to introduce features, improve performance, address security concerns, or fix bugs. 
These releases can occur very frequently, and vary by product.

Always test software releases in a development environment before upgrading on a production deployment.

Recommended upgrade schedule
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MinIO recommends always installing the most recent release to obtain the security enhancements and improvements.

Reviewer 2: oops extraneous article
```suggestion
MinIO recommends always installing the most recent release to obtain security enhancements and improvements.
```
